PRIVACY POLICY FOR http://ladybug.canvace.com/

This application (hereinafter "Application") collects some Personal Data from its Users.

The Data are collected and processed for the purposes set out below.

DATA PROCESSING OWNERSHIP

Canvace Srl - Via Luigi Casale, 7 - 05100 Terni (Italy),
admin@canvace.com

TYPES OF DATA COLLECTED

Among the Data that this Application may collect there are: Cookie and Browsing and usage Data. 

Other Personal Data collected may be highlighted by other sections of this privacy policy or by dedicated explanation text, in the moment when the Data collection happens.
The Personal Data may be freely inserted by the User or the Data Subject, or collected automatically when using the Application.
Any use of Cookies by the Application or the owners of third party services used by the Application, unless stated otherwise, serves to identify the User and remember his/her preferences for the sole purpose of providing the service required by the User.
Failure to provide certain Personal Data, in particular Navigation Data, by deactivating the Application’s Cookies may make it impossible to surf or for the Application to provide its services.

The Personal Data collected may regard both the User and third parties whose data the User provides.
The User assumes responsibility for the Personal Data of third parties published or shared through the Application and declares that (s)he has the right to communicate or broadcast them, thus relieving the Owner of all responsibility towards third parties.

MODE AND PLACE OF PROCESSING THE DATA OBTAINED

METHOD OF PROCESSING

The Data Controller processes the Data of the Interested Parties and Users in a lawful and proper manner and shall take appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification or unauthorized destruction of the Data. Processing is carried out using computers and / or telematic means, with organizational methods and logics strictly related to the stated purposes.
In addition to the owner, in some cases, access to the Data may be available to external parties (such as third party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies). The updated list of Managers may be requested from the Owner at any time.

PLACE

The Data are processed at the headquarters of the Data Controller, unless stated otherwise in the rest of this document.

CONSERVATION TIME

The Data are kept for the time necessary to perform the service requested by the User, and the User can always ask for their suspension or removal.

THE USE OF THE COLLECTED DATA

The Data concerning the User or the Data Subject are collected for the following purposes: Analytics. 

The kinds of Personal Data used for each purpose are given in the specific sections of this document.

The use of Data for additional purposes by the Owner may in some cases, and for legal purposes, require specific consent by the User or the Data Subject.

DETAILED INFORMATION ON THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA AND THE SERVICES PROVIDED BY THIRD PARTIES

Personal Data collected for the following purposes and using the following services:

 - Google Analytics

Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine Application use, to prepare reports on an Application’s activities and share them with other Google services.
 Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.

Personal data collected: Cookie and Browsing and usage Data. 

Place of Processing: USA – http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/